README.md, before:

# ![Delani Studio]( https://kiptoo-097.github.io/Delani-studio/)
# Delani Studio Website

## Mobile support
This web page is compatible with devices of all sizes and all OS's, and consistent improvements are being made.

![](  https://kiptoo-097.github.io/Delani-studio)




## [Usage]( https://kiptoo-097.github.io/Delani-studio/) 

### Development
Want to contribute? Great!

To fix a bug or enhance an existing module, follow these steps:

- Fork the repo
- Create a new branch (`git checkout -b improve-feature`)
- Make the appropriate changes in the files
- Add changes to reflect the changes made
- Commit your changes (`git commit -am 'Improve feature'`)
- Push to the branch (`git push origin improve-feature`)
- Create a Pull Request 

### Bug / Feature Request

If you find a bug (the website couldn't handle the query and / or gave undesired results), kindly open an issue [here]( https://kiptoo-097.github.io/Delani-studio/) by including your search query and the expected results.


## Built with 

HTML
CSS
Javascript

## [License](  https://kiptoo-097.github.io/Delani-studio/LICENSE.md)

MIT © [MIT]( https://kiptoo-097.github.io)

Commit message:

added info about Delani Studio in README.md file

README.md, after:

# ![Delani Studio]( https://kiptoo-097.github.io/Delani-studio/)
# Delani Studio Website
Delani studio is a website that shows details about the services it offers, has information about the studio, a portfolio section and a form that enables users to send their messages and concern to Delani studios.



## Mobile support
This web page is compatible with devices of all sizes and all OS's, and consistent improvements are being made.

![](  https://kiptoo-097.github.io/Delani-studio)




## [Usage]( https://kiptoo-097.github.io/Delani-studio/) 

### Development
Want to contribute? Great!

To fix a bug or enhance an existing module, follow these steps:

- Fork the repo
- Create a new branch (`git checkout -b improve-feature`)
- Make the appropriate changes in the files
- Add changes to reflect the changes made
- Commit your changes (`git commit -am 'Improve feature'`)
- Push to the branch (`git push origin improve-feature`)
- Create a Pull Request 

### Bug / Feature Request

If you find a bug (the website couldn't handle the query and / or gave undesired results), kindly open an issue [here]( https://kiptoo-097.github.io/Delani-studio/) by including your search query and the expected results.


## Built with 

HTML
CSS
Javascript

## [License](  https://kiptoo-097.github.io/Delani-studio/LICENSE.md)

MIT © [MIT]( https://kiptoo-097.github.io)
